### Overview

This plugin gives Quicksilver the ability to edit text files by appending text
lines to the end of a file, prepending text or changing or deleting lines
within a file. The plugin allows manipulation of .txt, .rtf, .rtfd, .doc and
.TEXT files.

Note that Quicksilver has the ability to enter into text files (using → or /)
and list the contents of the file, which can be used in conjunction with this
plugin for increased flexibility.

### Actions

#### Append Text... and Append To...

Append some text to the selected text file. You can append text to a text
file, or to a line within a text file (if you have entered a text file with →
or /). This action is reversible. You can:

  * [Some File] ⇥ Append Text... ⇥ [Some Text]
  * [Some Text] ⇥ Append To... ⇥ [Some File]

You should note that both these actions can use Quicksilver's 'smart' ability
to place any item, object or file inside a text file. If you append an image
to a text file, the path of the image is added, or similarly for web addresses
(URLs). When entering a text file (→ or /), these lines are automatically
resolved by Quicksilver into the original file, URL etc.

This gives you a convenient way to store any file or piece of information
within a text file, using nothing but Quicksilver.

#### Prepend Text... and Prepend To...

This action works in a similar manner to the 'Append' actions, but puts a line
of text at the start of the file. The action is also reversible.

#### Change To...

The Change to... action is available for lines within a text file. To view
lines, press → or / to enter into a text file. It allows for the modification
of a specific line within a file.

#### Delete Line

As with the Change To... action, the Delete Line action is available for lines
within a text file. It can be used to remove certain lines from within a given
file.

